Update Wave sidebar order and naming (#868)
seqeralabs/wave: docs/index.mdx

---
title: Wave
---

> Containers are an essential part of modern data analysis pipelines in bioinformatics. They encapsulate applications and dependencies in portable, self-contained packages that can be easily distributed across diverse computing environments. Containers are also key to enabling predictable and reproducible scientific results. However, workflows can comprise dozens of distinct container images. Pipeline developers must manage and maintain these container images and ensure that their functionality precisely aligns with the requirements of every pipeline task, creating unnecessary friction in the maintenance and deployment of data pipelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Containers are an essential part of modern data analysis pipelines in bioinformatics. They encapsulate applications and dependencies in portable, self-contained packages that can be easily distributed across diverse computing environments. Containers are also key to enabling predictable and reproducible scientific results.

However, workflows can comprise dozens of distinct container images. Pipeline developers must manage and maintain these container images and ensure that their functionality precisely aligns with the requirements of every pipeline task, creating unnecessary friction in the maintenance and deployment of data pipelines.
```

### Wave Lite

> Wave can be used in [lite](./wave-lite.mdx) mode intended for augmentation user case, where user do not require K8s to run wave.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wave can be used in [Lite mode](./wave-lite.mdx). This is intended for use cases, where users do not require k8s to run Wave.
```
